[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome, welcome, welcome.
Thank you so much
for being here.
And this is going to be
a journey for everyone
to go on today.
We're going to go on a journey
to the other side, kind of,
and take everybody, including
everyone on the livestream,
along with us.
So I want to say,
first of all, thank
you so much to Gaia TV for
hosting this livestream.
It's such an amazing
opportunity for people
who aren't physically
in the room
to be able to share
this and watch it
for a whole year,
which is incredible.
So as you signed up or
if you're, obviously,
on the livestream, you can
watch the Conscious Life
Expo for the rest of the
year, and also all the
shows on Gaia for a full year,
which is absolutely amazing.
If you haven't yet
signed up for that,
if you want to tell your
friends, it's gaia.com/lisa,
then you'll be able to get the
whole deal for the whole year
and watch the expo
and everything.
So thank you so much to Gaia
for creating all of this,
for all of us to be connected.
And-- so here's some
questions I want to ask you,
and we're going to ponder
throughout this entire session
here.
Where do we go
when we transition?
Where did our loved ones go, and
can we connect with them again?
Are there other realities?
Are there other dimensions?
Or are they around us right now?
Do you have to have a
near-death experience in order
to connect with
these other realms?
Are those questions that
anybody in this room
has ever asked themselves?
Yes.
And the answers
to those questions
will be attempted to be answered
by our wonderful, incredible
panel here, who
collectively, I just
want to recognize the
incredible consciousness that's
up here that has had the
experience of journeying
to different levels of--
it could be a dimension,
it could be a realm, it could
be a state of consciousness.
And they've joined
us here collectively
to share and connect this
whole room with that realm.
So we truly are going
on a journey today.
We're truly going to
cross into other realms.
And as you're there, don't
just be a passive participant.
I want you to
actively participate
in this conversation and lend
your consciousness and journey
and be inquisitive in
your mind and really
be a part of this conversation,
because that's truly
what conscious
conversations are all about.
I have, for the past going on
20 years, hosted The Aware Show,
and it is a constant conscious
conversation through all that
I do on The Aware Show and
Hay House Radio and Gaia TV,
it's just a continuous
conscious conversation
that absolutely rocks.
It never ends, because
it's insatiable curiosity
that we all have, ultimately.
Because we get to visit this
earth at this time, and then
we get to have
conversations like this,
which are so amazing.
Now I do want to let you know
that our wonderful guest here,
Dannion Brinkley, not only has
he been struck by lightning
and died five times, but
just a couple of months
ago he went through an
incredible experience
where he went in for
a routine surgery
and once again left the planet.
But he didn't leave
his body there.
He came back again, because
you've got something
to share, Dannion Brinkley.
>> I was missing all of you.
[LAUGHTER]
>> So I'm going to have
each person just share
their experience for about five
minutes each so that you can
get an idea of who
we have up here.
Dannion?
>> OK.
I'm Dannion Brinkley, and I
never believed any of this.
I thought it was all nonsense.
And one day I never believed any
of it, the next day I was dead,
and the day after that I became
everything I never believed,
so I have never had a
way to have to doubt it.
I had to figure out how to
operate in dimensional reality,
how to listen to people who
supposedly have passed on
or who have died.
Well nobody dies and
nobody goes to hell.
So with those two things in
mind, knowing that nobody
dies and no one goes to
hell, because if anybody
was supposed to go to hell,
it would have been me.
[LAUGHTER]
Well, I've been
over there six times
and I've never been to hell yet.
So I've been struck
by lightning, OK, dead
for 28 minutes.
Completely paralyzed
for six days,
partially paralyzed
for seven months.
Two years to learn to
walk and feed myself.
Had a lot of time to think
about our spiritual reality.
Three years later, I
got struck by lightning
again in the exact
same situation,
talking on the telephone.
That means I didn't
get it the first time,
says OK, Dan, we
gonna kill you again.
OK, so when you think about
it, struck by lightning,
if you look on the
Black's Law Dictionary,
it's a plausible defense
as an act of God.
So physical.
Then I got struck by
lightning again as I wake up.
So I was only knocked
out for 45 minutes.
13 years later, I had to
have open heart surgery.
Seven years after that I
had to have brain surgery.
That's spiritual,
physical, and mental.
So each of those
levels of consciousness
took me to a different
place or a point.
110 days ago, I collapsed
and I went to the hospital
and I had an aneurysm
under my heart valve
that was bleeding some kind
of film on to the heart valve.
And I went into
open heart surgery.
When the doctor got in there
in open heart surgery, the scar
tissue damage done from
being struck by lightning,
they never gave me a day,
a chance to come out of it.
When I left surgery--
this was October 14, 2018,
I had no blood pressure.
I get into the
intensive care unit.
I had no blood pressure.
So they had to resuscitate me.
I'm there.
Then five days later, after
getting my blood pressure
to 25% heart function, at
2:00 AM on a Sunday morning
I went into cardiac arrest.
I was lying in the bed.
I heard the machines go off.
I flatlined.
The guy was beating on
my chest, broke two ribs
trying to resuscitate me.
I'm calm.
I'm standing next to
the nurse on my right
watching all this go on.
They bring me back to life.
Everything is frantic.
I stay seven minutes and I
go into cardiac arrest again.
And I'm back
standing, watching it.
I saw who was doing it.
But this time, the girl that was
beating on my chest, she said,
I'm not sure.
They couldn't resuscitate me.
And this guy looked like putting
those heating pads on me.
Like heating pads on the chest.
And he kept saying, ready?
Ready?
Well, I'm thinking to
myself, would somebody
please give this guy
whatever he wants?
Because he's starting to be
irritating by saying ready.
Well, he was the one pushing
the button with the pedals.
So they said go, cause they
couldn't resuscitate me
by beating my chest,
and I'm brought back.
So I have an experience
of non-local understanding
of our identity.
We are great, powerful,
and mighty spiritual beings
with dignity,
direction, and purpose.
There is only one thing that
can ever go wrong in your life,
is you've allowed something
to affect your dignity.
And that skews your
direction and your purpose.
There is nothing else
can happen to you.
anybody can do to you.
And there's nothing
you can do, because you
were chosen to be here
and you chose to be here.
And I stand categorically,
unequivocally
on those two principles
as you look at yourself.
Nobody dies.
Now a lady asked
me one time, she
said, well, what about "hayl"?
She meant hell, but
she's making fun of me.
I said, well, honey, let
me tell you something.
I never brought it up.
They never brought it
up while I was up there,
and I damn sure
didn't bring it up.
I said, so when you get down
to the end of the tunnel
and you have a
panoramic life view,
if you want to
know where hell is,
you start yelling, where's hell?
Where's hell?
I'm sure they'll
accommodate you.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Just not the first
question that comes to mind.
Fantastic.
Thank you so much, Dannion.
Amazing.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you for being here.
>> I'm still here, partying on.
>> Literally, thank you
for being here today.
Thank you.
>> Anything for you.
>> Aww.
My love.
>> Booth 500, booth 500.
[LAUGHTER]
>> It's going to be, as
I told you, fun panel.
Kelly Gallagher.
Kelly Gallagher, an
award-winning documentary
filmmaker.
Also a five-time cancer
survivor herself.
Phenomenal ability
to not only survive
and to live, but
to communicate what
it is in our world that
makes us toxic in order
to have gotten to that state.
So you're a huge
advocate as well.
Can you tell us your story?
>> Sure.
It's hard to follow
up Dannion, huh?
So I'm a five-time
cancer survivor,
powered by my sixth pacemaker
and a new heart valve, 120
blood transfusions, iron
poisoning, mercury poisoning,
17 dental fillings that
came out wrong and kept
me relapsing into cancer.
And now that I'm
sitting next to you,
I wasn't sure that I had all
these near-death experiences,
but I've known you for
38 years and maybe I
caught all that from you.
>> Fifi.
[LAUGHTER]
>> I told you he'd call me Fifi.
>> Fifi.
>> Yes.
So the first time
I almost died, it
was from drugs in the
rock and roll business,
way back when I knew Dannion.
And I didn't have--
I kind of thought this
five-time cancer survivor,
six pacemakers, all
that stuff-- kind
of like I was on the
learning disabled program.
It was like God was
trying to get my attention
and I just wasn't listening.
And I knew it.
Like I knew it the whole time.
I was just very resistant to
my path and to my journey.
And when I would
hear God knocking,
I would just do
another line of cocaine
and hope he would
go away because I
didn't want to be of service.
And this goes back when
I was like 20 years old.
So I went on with my
life, and eventually I
woke up and decided
that I hadn't
died from cancer nor cocaine
when I was in my 20s,
and got my life back together
and went on to college
and went on to be a
television producer.
And when I got rediagnosed
with cancer again,
I started to, what I know
now, was download poetry which
I thought was really
singsongy, kind of goofy
and had this cadence
of being so childlike.
But I was busy judging
it instead of sharing it
and resisting my path,
which is what I kept doing.
And part of it was physical
and part of it was cosmic
and I think disease is dis-ease.
I was not comfortable in my
own skin and in my own body
and kept having to get
another lesson, I guess.
So I kept detoxing and
was learning about,
physically, how to get well, not
necessarily always emotionally
how to get through it.
So I've never
really talked about
my near-death experiences.
I kind of just jumped over it
and went right into activism.
I made a movie about mercury.
I'm one of the
producers of "Vaxxed".
I produced with Tim Ray last
year, Get Your Life Back Now.
We did 21 episodes
of news you can use
about how to heal your body.
But when I--
>> Booth 500.
But I went to the other side
while I was having a bone
marrow transplant.
And I was-- guess I
went through a tunnel,
but I arrived where I was
sitting three seats from God.
And I was waiting in
line, and the other guys
were talking too long,
and I was waiting in line,
and I was sitting there,
and all of a sudden,
I'm about to move
up to go talk to God
and somebody is pulling on
my arm and they woke me up
and I'm back.
And I was like, wow.
That-- shit.
And the message was,
you're not done yet.
You've got work to do.
You have a mission
on this planet.
You have a purpose.
You have to be here.
And as I've died numerous times
also and just kept coming back,
it's like, you're not done yet.
You're not done yet.
And I'm not done yet.
I have a list of
things that still
need to be fixed on
the planet and I'm here
to do that, because
life's a journey.
It's a cosmic path.
>> We are not done.
We're not.
None of us are done.
Are you noticing a theme here?
Noticing a theme?
OK?
>> What a bummer.
>> Yes.
>> We've got work to do.
>> Depressing.
>> We're working
in the coal mine.
>> The theme so far is I haven't
listened, I haven't listened,
and I needed that wake up
call once, twice, three times.
So now--
>> Well.
>> Linda Backman is a past-life
regressionist and she was just
recently on my Gaia show--
you can watch on the network--
an amazing conversation
we had, Linda,
who really is a PhD, a scholar
in therapy and speaking
with people, but in
regressing people to help
understand your purpose in
life, your path, the reason
that you're here.
And even going forward,
what that purpose
can fuel in your life.
A huge, incredible
sense of identity
comes from past life regression,
and you're just amazing at it.
So welcome.
>> Let me see if I can meet
that beautiful introduction.
>> You can.
>> Thank you, Lisa.
Well, my story is
kind of different,
and I've known Dannion for a
number of years and met Kelly.
So I've not had an NDE.
Let's see, how to
make this short?
My husband always says,
honey, your stories are long.
>> We like stories.
>> Lisa said five
minutes, so OK.
So if I go back
in my life, I can
remember my grandmother died
when-- one of my grandmothers
died when I was about 12.
And I was fascinated with
this open casket and her body
laying in the casket.
And I wondered why
it didn't scare me.
Then I moved forward
and I got married.
I got married not at
14-- some people--
but I got married about
age 20 to the lovely person
who's still my husband.
And we had a baby a
couple years later.
That was great.
He's fine.
He's 49 years old and
lives in San Francisco.
Then I got pregnant again
and threatened miscarriage
for four months, basically.
I'm an archaic person in her
early 70s, so no ultrasound.
And so the doctors kept saying,
Mrs. Backman, I don't know.
Today you're miscarrying,
tomorrow you're
not, blah, blah, blah.
I delivered that
baby at 26 weeks
of a average 40-week pregnancy.
He lived a few
hours and he passed.
Hugely traumatic experience.
I still wasn't
spiritual in any way.
Fast forward some years
later, about age 40,
I became a licensed
psychologist.
Which I sort of thought was--
I thought that was my pinnacle,
to be perfectly honest.
I never thought I'd get
that much formal education.
And so for about 15 years
I was a psychologist
in private practice.
I loved doing death,
dying, and grief work,
but I didn't know why.
And then in 1993,
about 26 years ago,
I experienced the
death of my colleague
with whom we'd built
this group practice.
He died at age 32,
when I was about 46.
And so sort of my NDE, but
it really isn't an NDE.
He started talking to
me from the other side.
And I thought--
I mean, I will use appropriate
language, but you know, WTF.
It's like, I'm a psychologist,
and psychologists
don't do this kind of stuff.
But I was fascinated.
He started showing me
scenes of past lives.
I'd skimmed one of
Brian Weiss's books--
didn't know what to do with it--
maybe a year before that.
But I realized, just as I
think NDE brings forward
that we're a soul living
one life to the next,
we are required to evolve.
We're required to
come into body.
This is where we grow and learn.
I'll also agree with
Dannion, there is no hell.
I've been guiding clients
for about 25 years now
into past lives and
to their soul level.
Michael Newton, for any of
you who've heard of his books,
he was once one of my mentors.
And so I have no
doubt we are a soul.
I have no doubt there
is something that comes
after this human existence.
I have no doubt that what you're
experiencing in an NDE is real.
I guide clients to discover
their past lives in order
to both balance karma
and embrace dharma,
what have you accomplished
before that you don't
think you've ever accomplished.
And then we work at the
client's soul level.
So I've been learning about
the soul for about 25 years,
understanding how we evolve, why
we evolve, working with guides,
working with loved
ones on the other side.
I love what I do, and some
people in my family and friends
think it's time to
retire, and it's like no.
No, I'm not retiring
because I'm passionate--
>> Purpose.
>> --about what I do.
>> Absolutely.
Thank you so much.
[APPLAUSE]
Again, we're proud
of our purpose.
>> All right, Kasey,
let's make it happen.
>> All right, well, Kasey and
Brad Wallis They are together
here on this panel because of
an incredible journey that Brad
went on and found or encountered
this light energy group from
the other side name Julius.
And Kasey brings through
Julius in through
this incredible journey
and this communication
that this group of beings wants
to share with us, so welcome.
And if you could share your
story, that would be amazing.
Thank you.
>> I get very emotional because
I still have a brain injury.
12 years ago, I was in
a car accident that--
I was a vehicle stopped.
All the other vehicles
in the intersection.
Kid ran a red light,
split my vehicle in half.
They took me to the emergency
room, massive brain injury.
Couldn't shut my brain down so
they diagnosed me with medicine
that I overdosed and died on.
I was gone for eight hours.
Kasey was not my
wife at the time.
While I was gone,
watching everything
that was transpiring,
I was assured
somebody who was going to be
taking care of everything that
was happening here.
And I had the very unique and
wonderful experience of Julius.
I had taught them
in a prior life.
I was their teacher.
And it was their turn
to return the favor
and now teach me what the human
experience is really all about.
And I'm back.
And they've come with me.
When I woke up in the
hospital, the doctor,
who was actually a very close
friend of mine, had just walked
down, told everybody they were
ready to take me to the morgue.
And I jumped up out of
bed, scared the hell out
of everybody.
[LAUGHTER]
And Kasey was standing
there, and immediately
started channeling Julius back
to me and explaining to me
the agreements we had
made, and that we together
would be spending
the rest of our lives
together talking to
people all over the world.
And that's now what we do.
I still have my brain injury.
I was told I would never
lead a normal life.
I would only be
able to pick weeds
for the rest of my life
because of that brain injury.
And through Julius' help,
we activated dormant parts
of the brain and left
the damaged part alone,
which the doctor, who was
my therapist at the time,
left his practice
with the information
that Julius had given him
and now treats brain injury
people in his own
quiet little practice
on the Indian reservations.
It's not what we think.
There are two things that
humans are afraid of--
death and how powerful you are.
Throw death out the window,
folks, it's all an illusion.
So there's only how
powerful you are left.
It's time to wake up
and learn just how
powerful you are, because
you hold all the answers.
All we can do is turn
the light on for you.
The rest is up to you.
>> It's an honor to be here.
It's our honor to
be with all of you.
We hope you are well.
We know that you are safe
and we send you blessings
and invite you to
have extraordinary joy
through this journey.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thank you.
That-- thank you so
much, because the energy
in the field that just
came into this room, anyone
experience that?
>> I did.
>> Yeah, that was
expansive and honoring.
Honoring.
Beautiful.
Thank you, thank you.
And the incredible space
that Anita Moorjani
is sitting right next
to you can handle with
that, oh, that is so beautiful.
Anita. do you feel
that next to you?
>> Totally.
>> Yes
>> That was very
beautiful and powerful.
>> Yes.
Anita has had just an incredible
journey in this lifetime,
and went through the portal of
learning what self-love really,
truly is through the hard way.
Through stage 4 end stage
cancer and complete failure.
And she went into this
incredible experience--
and stay with us--
do you see how we're
elevating the conversation?
Do you see where we are now
compared to where we started?
So let's go into Anita's story
and join her on her journey.
>> Thank you, thank you, Lisa.
In 2006 I had end stage cancer.
At that point.
I had cancer for four years.
It was lymphoma.
And by that point I had
tumors, some of them
the size of golf balls,
from the base of my skull
all around my neck, under
my arms, in my breasts,
and all the way
down to my abdomen.
And I was so sick at
that time that my lungs
were always filled with
fluid, because, bear in mind,
my condition deteriorated
over a period of four years.
My body became so weak that I
stopped absorbing nutrition.
I weighed about 85 pounds.
I was like a skeleton.
My muscles had all
completely deteriorated.
I could no longer stand up.
I couldn't walk.
I was either in a
wheelchair or lying down.
But if I lay flat I would
choke on my own fluid
because my lungs were
filled with fluid
and they had to
constantly be drained.
I couldn't breathe properly
without the aid of oxygen,
so I was connected
to an oxygen tank.
And I had open skin
lesions because my body
was just literally--
I don't know what the medical
term for it, but when it starts
to eat at itself to survive.
But on February
2, 2006, my organs
started to finally
shut down one by one.
And I went into a coma.
And at that point, the
doctors told my family
that these were my final
hours and that I wasn't
going to come out of the coma.
What the people around
me didn't realize,
though, is that even
though my physical body had
gone into a coma and I was lying
there on that hospital bed,
I had left my body before
it had even got so painful.
Because up until
that point, I had
been in so much pain,
so much discomfort,
because I couldn't sleep
because of the fluid.
But I was so tired
and so uncomfortable,
I was completely drugged up.
And when my organs shut
down, I just left my body.
And when I left my
body, I felt incredible.
I just felt amazing.
And I felt so powerful.
And I felt free.
And the fear was gone.
I had spent the last four
years in so much fear,
because I feared cancer,
I feared the treatments
of cancer, and I feared death.
It was like there was
no way out for me.
And now for the first
time, the fear was gone.
It was just gone.
And I had never felt
so light before.
But what I noticed was that
I was surrounded or enveloped
in a feeling of
unconditional love.
And unconditional really
means unconditional,
because if it's
conditional it's not love.
And when I say
unconditional, I mean
no matter what I had done in my
life, I wasn't judged for it.
So I'm the third
person here to confirm,
there is no hell
on the other side.
Because if there is a hell, that
means that love is conditional.
So it was truly unconditional.
It was like I was
being welcomed home.
I felt like I had
finally come home.
I had been welcomed
home for all the pain
I had been going through.
So much happened while
I was on the other side.
And in fact, I will be going
deeper into this tomorrow
morning at 10:00.
I'm going to be speaking
about my whole story.
But what I want to
say here is that I
met my deceased father,
who I used to have
a turbulent relationship with.
And he told me it
was not my time.
But no part of me
wanted to come back
because my body was so sick
and dying, but in that moment,
I felt like I entered
into a state of clarity
where I understood
why I had the cancer.
And the main thing
I will share here
is that I understood
that cancer--
this is very
controversial, but I'm
going to say it here--
that cancer is not
a physical disease.
We have been conditioned
to treat it only
from the physical, but I
understood that it was not--
at least not for me--
it was not a physical disease.
And I understood how all
the thoughts and decisions
that I had made through
my life had contributed
to that point of me lying there
on that hospital bed, dying.
And I knew that now
that I understood
what I knew, if I chose to
come back, my body would heal.
And it was at that point
that my dad said to me,
go back and live
your life fearlessly.
Now that you know the
truth, now that you
know how powerful you are--
again, we've been led to
believe that we're not
as powerful as we really are,
and that our bodies are not
as intelligent and
powerful as they are.
My dad said, now that
you know the truth,
go back and live
your life fearlessly.
I came out of the
coma, which I had
been in for 30 hours, and
within four days the tumors
shrunk by 70%.
Three and a half
weeks later, they
could find no trace
of cancer in my body.
Within five weeks I had
enough strength in my body
to be able to walk and
eat and live my life,
and so they released
me from the hospital
to go home and live
my life cancer-free.
That was on March 9,
2006, 13 years ago.
And here I am today
sharing my story.
>> Incredible.
[APPLAUSE]
Well, we are grateful
that you are here
and that you are all here
to share your journeys,
but also to really show us
what this journey of being not
only on the other side, but
coming back here to live fully,
is all about.
And we're going
to get into that.
I would love it if our
next guest, JC Gordon,
could share his story.
Where his experience, I'm going
to have him share it because it
is a little bit shocking--
as if no one else's is--
a little more, just
to brace yourselves.
And he is now the founder
of the Grail Academy
of Higher Consciousness.
Higher consciousness
is truly what
we are talking about here
today, is higher consciousness.
And he was guided through
his near-death experience
to the source of all life.
Love to hear about it.
>> Thank you very much, Lisa.
Is this on?
>> Yeah.
Bring it closer-- there you go.
>> OK.
Thank you very much, Lisa.
My near-death experience
happened after a career
that I had had in the
banking and financial world.
I thought that the
only reason for living
was to make as much
money as possible
and to help others to make
as much money as possible.
And on June 25, 1996,
I was semi-retired.
I had built my own log house,
put in my old power system,
was living off the grid.
And I was out bucking
some wood with a chainsaw
when it suddenly kicked back
and went through my throat.
And the chainsaw ended
up on a white sweat shirt
that I was wearing.
And at that very moment,
with the chainsaw still on--
it wasn't turning.
It didn't turn unless
it touched something.
And I had one of the people who
was working on my property come
over and turn it off.
But at that moment with
the chainsaw still on me,
I audibly heard the
words that said,
everything's going to be OK.
I have a purpose for your life.
And that led to a--
this happened in a remote
area in a small town
called Bella Coola in
British Columbia, Canada.
There's only about 3,000 people
that live in Bella Coola.
Half of them are native Indians.
It's a very remote
part of the country,
and there's only
one hospital there
and it was a medical outpost.
And one of the gentlemen who
was working for us drove me down
the highway-- there's
only one road there--
and someone had called
911 and the ambulance
was coming up the other way.
We were going down
this road this way,
the ambulance was
coming up this way.
And Steve pulled the car
off to the side of the road.
The ambulance pulled
around behind.
Steve says, just wait here.
And if anybody knows me, you
don't tell me just wait here.
I'm going to get out.
And that's what I did.
I got out.
I was holding a
compress to my throat,
and I went to the
back of the ambulance
and I met the
ambulance attendant.
And her eyes just
opened up like saucers.
She says to me,
what are you doing?
I said, well, I want
to go to the hospital.
Can you take me to the hospital?
She says, yes, get in.
So I got in.
It was about 20 more
minutes into the hospital.
During that time, she
asked me eight times
what my name was, because
she thinks I'm going
to pass out and die on her.
And I get into the hospital.
And I said to her as we're
wheeling into the room,
everything's going to be OK.
Don't worry about it.
And so it was about 15 minutes
after I was in the emergency
room where the doctor
was to my left,
the nurse was to my right.
Then all of a sudden
I'm on top of the room
and I'm looking down
at the whole situation.
I saw my throat looked like
raw steak, was just opened up,
blood was everywhere.
But at that moment,
all of a sudden,
I wasn't in the
environment of time.
I was going through a dimension
that was completely dark.
It was like I was in
a rickety elevator.
And I remember seeing this
light that was up at the top.
And it was like the
first star you see.
You know that first star you
see, and like that twinkling?
That's what it was.
And I just continued
to focus on that.
And as I focused on that, it
got bigger and bigger and bigger
until it was an
all-encompassing light.
And I went through that.
And when I went
through that, there
was this overwhelming peace of--
as Anita says, I'm home.
I'm home this is where
my home was and is.
And where I was was on top of--
it was like a mountaintop.
And I felt a little
nudge on my elbow
and it led me down the
side of the mountain
and across a field.
And of course, you
don't have any body.
It's just your
spirit that's there.
And I was moving towards
this castle-type structure.
As I got close to it,
the doors opened up.
I went into it, went up the
stairs, down the hallway.
There was a library
on the right,
four entities meditating,
praying on the left.
And I went into the last
room on the right hand side.
And when I went into that
last room, all of a sudden
this warmth, this presence
just started to envelop me.
It started to turn itself on.
There were like six
points, and energy came out
of each of those points, and it
started to communicate with me.
And that communication
was like a telepathic zing
that that kind of hit me.
And every time that zing hit
me, I knew what it was saying.
And I was literally
taken by Source
to the events that
happened before time began
and into the preplanning
stages of time.
And it revealed to me,
from the perspective
of the universal
consciousness, why life is.
And I remember at the--
I was only dead for
two to three minutes,
but it seems like I
was there for months.
It was just so beautiful.
And I remember at the
very end of my journey,
I didn't want to come back.
And Source zinged me and
said you have to go back.
And I was wrestling with Source.
I said no, I don't
want to go back.
You have to go back.
No, I don't want to go back.
You have to go back
and tell all who I am.
And who I am is all of us.
It's all of us.
And that was my experience.
And this is actually
my coming-out party.
It's taken me 22 years to be
able to put that experience
together and be able to explain
it in a succinct, simple way.
But as we heard here, it's
nothing but unconditional love.
That's what the
great thought is.
universal mind is.
And at the essence of who we
all are, that's who we all are.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thank you.
And congratulations for having
this be your coming out.
The characteristics of
the NDE is so beautiful.
It's that nobody here wanted
to come back because it was
so beautiful on the other side.
It was so alluring
that coming back here
felt like a heavier
experience, and the other
was just boundary-less.
And the themes.
Everybody has come back
with a complete life change,
a complete different journey
than their previous incarnation
on this planet.
And that exact same
thing has happened
with Kimberly Meredith.
Now Kimberly brought back
with her a series of codes
that she brings through in
blinking her eyes that she
sees, a trance channel,
essentially, and is
able to bring some of the
guidance through with her
to actually really, truly,
hands on, heal people.
And her work has been
studied by many institutions
and she's been featured
on various media outlets
and I would love for you to
share your story of your NDE.
>> Thank you, Lisa
for having me here.
Hi, everybody.
Kimberly.
Yeah.
My near-death
experience has been
quite an experience for
me, still grounding myself
with all of it.
It happened just
a few years ago.
And to plainly
put it, which is--
you know, I listen to a
lot of people's experiences
and a lot of them have
a lot of similarities.
Mine is interesting, because
I was born with my eyes
blinking super fast.
And my mom didn't like it.
And so my mom thought
I had a disorder.
So she-- yeah, tick--
so she would constantly yell
at me and say stop blinking.
And I loved animals and I loved
rubbing my hands together,
had a beautiful Jewish
grandma and we would pray.
And I always loved God.
And my mom, bless
her soul, she died
young, had an alcohol problem.
And it wasn't her,
but she just didn't
like me blinking my eyes.
So I forced myself to stop
blinking a very young age.
And I remember
feeling sad about it.
And so basically throughout
my life leading up to my NDE,
which, who knew
I would have one?
I knew my hands were different.
I was made fun of at school for
having a lot of lines in it.
I would say unusual things
like I was reincarnated
and I got scolded for that.
And just-- I was odd,
to say the least.
And I was brought up in a
very interesting home life.
So basically, to
lead up to my NDE,
in short, it was
pretty hardcore.
I was hit by a car in 2012.
I ended up at Cedars-Sinai.
I coded.
My kidney failed.
I still have a bad kidney.
Praise God, I'm here.
At the time they told my fiance
I wasn't going to make it.
And I was put into a
rehab, and in the rehab
they told my fiance
I would never walk.
And I had to have surgery
in the back of my neck
through my throat.
I had hematoma, brain bleed.
I was put into
multiple, multiple tests
and drained my brain,
said I would have
epilepsy, seizure
disorder I had.
Came home from the hospital,
excruciating amounts of pain.
I'm talking major, major,
like head explosive pain,
like beyond a migraine.
So one day I just decided to
throw all my medication away.
And the doctor that was
taking care of me at Cedars
said you can't do that.
I said why?
He said, you'll die.
You have to be on that
medication to live.
Your head-- you have to
be on anti-inflammatories.
You just can't.
I said no, I have to.
But to get back to the NDE,
when I was at Cedars-Sinai
I did code.
And when I coded, I
remember looking over
at my blood pressure
machine and it just
was like going further
down, down, down, down,
and then it went out.
And when it was happening, I
didn't know it was happening.
But I was above myself.
And it was really cool
because it felt great.
And I remembered just
all kinds of confusion,
looking down at them.
You can see my arm infiltrated.
And them trying to save me.
But on the other side, we say,
where you're transcending,
it felt super great
and at ease and calm.
And I kept hearing and seeing
this beautiful, wonderful,
white light.
And the white light
was pushing on my chest
super hard where I
couldn't breathe, actually,
it was so hard.
And it was blinding my eyes.
I don't know if you
read the Bible, where
Paul was blinded by the light.
Yeah, kind of like that.
And I kept saying,
get off of me.
And I know it's
rude to say to God,
but it was too much
for me to handle.
But at the same time I liked it.
It was like, wow,
this feels amazing.
Because I was
feeling really sick
when I was in the hospital.
But at the same time I was
like, wow, this is amazing.
And I keep hearing,
you're going to stay.
But at the same time, it was
hurting my chest, very heavy.
And my eyes were being
blinded by a light.
And there was nurses
poking and prodding
me and doing all these things.
So it was a very strange,
interesting thing going on.
I could see myself and
then I was above my head.
I don't know if that
makes sense to you.
It's like two dynamic things
going on at the same time.
So to make the long
story short, I woke up
and I was having lots of shaking
going on through my legs.
My legs were
vibrating and shaking.
And I didn't know at the time
that it was the Holy Ghost.
The Holy Spirit was
going through my legs.
I was experiencing God
And I didn't know that
God was telling me
that you were to stay.
I didn't know this
was happening to me,
but I did know that I
had experienced going
to another side, because I had.
I was witnessing that.
But when I had to be in the
wheelchair and to recuperate,
that was not fun.
So like the other people were
saying, when we came back,
it was like, ugh, because
we're in the third dimension.
When I woke up to all of
this, I was like, wow,
I liked where I just went.
But the energy of God on
my chest and in my eyes
was super intense.
>> When did you realize that you
had that experience of healing,
of the hands on healing?
>> Good question.
By the time I had gotten home--
they kept me at Cedars for
a very-- more than a heart
attack, by the way.
I was there for so--
I never thought
I would get home.
I was like, can I go home?
They kept me there, kept
me there, kept me there,
because my kidney was so
bad and I couldn't walk.
So finally when I
got home and I had
nurses trying to
get me to recover,
I got rid of my medication.
I didn't want to do it.
One day I was laying at my
home, I started turning to God
and praying to God.
I was praying
[SPEAKING HEBREW],, I just
kept praying, praying,
praying and asking to God,
give me an answer.
What am I to do?
I can't go back to my old life.
What am I going
to do with myself?
And my fiance was
like, what are you
going to do with--
everyone was asking me,
what are you going to do?
You can't just lay on the couch.
You can't move your neck.
You're not going
to have surgery.
And one morning I woke
up, my eyes were blinking.
>> And you started to
see these experiences.
>> I started to become
a full-blown medium.
>> Gotcha.
Wow, absolutely amazing.
>> And that's who I was supposed
to be from the beginning when I
was a child.
It came out of who I
really was supposed to be.
And--
>> It changed the entire
trajectory of your life.
>> Yes.
Before that I was a medical
consultant on television shows
and I was a full-blown nurse.
>> My goodness.
>> And I-- it was
totally different things.
I was not a medium, but I
did have abilities, yeah.
But it's a miracle
that I'm here.
>> Well, we're grateful.
Thank you for that story.
That was quite the journey.
[APPLAUSE]
My goodness.
So now, as I said,
I was going to ask
a question to the panelists
and have them explain.
And this is-- it's an
intricate question,
and how each person answers it
is really going to truly come
from their experience.
And then I will open
it up to you all,
to have you ask you your
questions of the panel as well.
And then we're going to go on to
a bit of a journey after that.
We're going to do a
short visualization
meditation that'll help
us access different states
of consciousness.
So you can really
have a true experience
by the time you leave this room.
Because if that wasn't
enough of an experience,
hearing all these
stories, my goodness.
So my question for you all is,
is this near-death experience
that you had really going
to a different dimension,
or is it accessing a different
state of consciousness
that we all have the
ability to access?
In your opinion, is it going
to a different dimension, which
would really be proof
of different realms
and dimensions, or is it
accessing and waking up
a part of our brain that we
all have access to that we just
have not yet accessed?
Dannion
>> Well, dimensions
are another realm.
We are living in those
dimensions anyway.
It's what you focus
on, everybody.
What you focus on,
like when Anita
was describing what
cancer was and how
the conscious nature
of it as an illness
brings itself into play.
It's what you're focusing on.
We all have access, you know?
Everybody knows I'm a
big breathing junkie.
If you come to my lecture
I yell it like 50 times
about taking breath.
But if you pay
attention to your breath
and you give the preciousness
of that you are breathing,
And then you stop for a
moment to pay attention
to how deep breaths
you're taking
and realize how shallow
you're breathing,
then you set into motion a whole
series of conscious blocking.
You block yourself from
being able to access
levels of conscious.
Think about yogis and
think about Tibetans
in deep meditation.
We are spiritual
beings, and we can't
get all fixated and
caught up into the concept
that we are here.
Look at how crazy this is.
How many people think
I'm hitting this table?
You never touch anything
your entire life.
If you had an
electron microscope,
you'd see that was electrons
particle disbursement.
You never touch anything.
You have never left heaven.
You cannot separate
from all things.
You are not capable of
achieving separation
from the divine nature
of what we call heaven.
That's not possible.
You can only construct a
reality based on emotionally
what you're feeling, thinking
about how deep your breath is.
You come here and
focus emotionally,
breathing, and thinking
about what you're breathing
is what creates our reality.
So number one, we live in
multidimensional realities.
Number two, we have a
specific purpose and mission
here that we were chosen and
we chose to come to achieve.
You come here-- everybody
wants to know what
the Big Bang theory, where
we came from, who are we.
Well, I'll tell you something.
The only thing I care about is
what I'm supposed to do here,
and when I get it done I
want to get the hell out.
And since I have to keep
coming back so often,
then I need to hurry
up and get it done.
So we are dimensionally
living in a reality
that we emotionally created.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Beautiful, beautiful.
What do you think, Kimberly?
>> Hi, yes.
I believe that we move in and
out of different dimensions
and we can choose
whether we want
to be stuck in a lower third
dimensional world, which
I believe the
guides are blinking,
no, we don't want us to
live in that 3D world
anymore, the fear, the
depression, the worry,
the sickness, and that
we can move into a higher
dimension, praise God.
We can be healed in the
fifth dimension and above.
And we're seeing more
miraculous healings
in that higher dimension.
And we do have the ability
to be the awakened people.
And I for a fact see
and witness every day
in my office, miracle healings.
95% of my clients have
cancer, and all of them
are being healed.
Lots of people are being healed.
Cancer's not a bad word anymore.
Immune suppressing illnesses
are not bad anymore.
We are being00 our
brains are powerful.
We can be healed.
We are being healed.
And this is amazing.
And we can bounce,
absolutely, to dimensions
and do different things.
But we have the choice
of absolutely moving
into the higher dimensions
and having world peace.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Yes.
Beautiful, beautiful.
Kelly, different dimensions
or different states
of consciousness?
>> I think a little of both.
I was given a year
to live 21 years ago.
And I was in the middle of
having a bone marrow transplant
when Princess Diana died.
And I don't know
if it was a dream
or I was in a different
dimension, but it was so real.
She came to me and
we were sitting
on the side of the road,
on probably where she died,
with like the highway
with the concrete walls.
We were both in Levi's
with white tennis shoes
with men's button-down shirts.
And she was sitting next
to me and we had our hands
on our knees.
And we're just sitting
on the side of the road.
And she looks at me and
she says, don't worry.
Everything's going to be OK.
Fifi, Dannion.
So, you know, was that-- in
what dimension where we in?
I mean, it was so real.
And I wasn't like a
Princess Diana freak.
I loved her and I
thought she was amazing,
but it literally-- it
was the realest moment.
And I had this-- and
I was on day 17 or 18
of an autologous stem cell
transplant at Cedars-Sinai.
I was there too.
I lived there for two months
at a time three times.
So in that moment I
made a promise to God
when I thought I would croak.
If he let me live,
I would do whatever,
and please show me that way.
And boom, I'm back
and on my path.
And I'm kind of a
serial cause person.
I'm like, what can I do next.
>> Interesting.
Thank you so much.
That's great.
[APPLAUSE]
Linda, the psychologist
what do you think?
>> Well, I want to say I know,
because I've guided clients
to experience what NDEs,
what happens during an NDE.
I have no doubt because
I don't give the client
the information.
They give it to me.
So I don't serve
as a channel, but I
have some very dear
friends and colleagues
who are excellent channels.
But I guide clients
to channel basically
who they are at the soul level.
And it's just-- again,
it's what Dannion
said a couple of minutes ago.
It's like, when
you're done and you
get done what you
came here to do,
then you're finished
with this lifetime.
But sometimes clients will
come in and they'll say,
well, isn't past, present,
and future all the same?
And in my experiences, no.
We are soul and body, soul,
and spirit at all times.
We came here with a job to do.
And simplistically and
esoterically, the job
is to assist humanity to evolve.
So it's all the same.
We're in body and we are soul.
That's our higher self.
And so I got clients to
access not just past lives,
but their higher selves.
I have no doubt we're
all of that at one time.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Ah, very good.
Thank you.
Are you starting to
get a conclusion here?
I am.
We'll share that in a second.
OK, so Brad and Kasey or
Julius, what is the answer?
Are we living and accessing
different dimensions
or different states
of consciousness?
>> So-- we would tell you you
cannot escape the all in being
the all.
That is the truth.
Escape is an illusion.
It is not an ultimate truth.
You are in all of
those dimensions,
all of those realms,
all of those thoughts,
and all of those high
frequencies simultaneously.
What you choose to access
with your focus of thought
and emotion becomes
your experience.
So the wondrous aspect
of all that you are
is demonstrated
to you through all
of the extraordinary
that you choose,
consciously and unconsciously.
That's the best news
that we could give you.
So where do you choose to go?
Go everywhere.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Super cool, yes, yes.
Anita, what do you feel?
Dimensions or states
of consciousness?
>> It's actually both.
That's the way it felt for me,
so I'm speaking for myself,
but I think it's in
agreement with what
everyone else is saying.
For me it felt like both.
It felt like I had entered
a different dimension,
but it was in that
dimension that I felt like--
so the NDE didn't feel
like just an experience
and then it happened
then and then it's over.
It was like I walked
through a portal
and I brought that back with me.
So while I'm here,
it's a different state
of consciousness.
But I actually truly
believe that all of us
are able to attain it.
I actually believe
that we are born aware
of that state of
consciousness, but it
gets eroded or conditioned
out of us during our life.
So it's a state
of consciousness,
but sometimes we have to
go to a different dimension
to remember that state
of consciousness,
which is who we truly are.
Because for me, it was a
remembering of who I truly am,
who I was meant to
be, and the purpose
that I had intended to
come here to fulfill.
That's what it was.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Wonderful.
And JC, what is your opinion?
>> I'm going to answer that,
Lisa, if you don't mind,
from the perspective of how
I was downloaded while I was
dead.
And that was from the universal
mind or Source's perspective.
And what I discovered was that
the universal mind is asexual.
It is both male
and it is female.
And in the male aspect of it is
the great thought of everything
and a consciousness
of everything
that is, everything
of everything-ness.
And the female component of
universal mind consciousness
is its womb where time resides.
And time is just one
moment of timelessness.
And I think the
best way that I can
answer that, Lisa,
is that we actually
have two consciousnesses.
We have a mind
consciousness, which
is led by our beta frequencies
that is everything out here.
And we also have a
heart consciousness,
which, when we go inward, we
can resonate with and understand
through a theta
frequency understanding.
And it's that
heart consciousness
that is actually what our
spirit is communicating
and how our spirit is
communicating to us.
So we can actually be in both.
And it's our choice,
that we can choose
to be in this
horizontal consciousness
or we can choose to be
one with our spirit--
because our spirit is God--
to be one with
that consciousness,
to be one with that
all-knowingness,
and the work that
we do is we activate
that universal mind oneness
into us all to make us one
as the totality of everything.
>> Thank you so much.
[APPLAUSE]
It's really
remarkable to hear you
all say basically the same
thing, not knowing each other--
and you're aware of
each other, but not
knowing each other's stories.
That we truly do have access to
different realms and dimensions
based on our states
of consciousness.
And that, yes, we've
all been through trials
that had to make us
almost die to get
to that level of awareness,
but beyond a shadow of a doubt
it is true that everybody
has that ability.
The thing that I'm always asked
about the near-death experience
is do I have to go
through a tragic accident
in order to access these
states of consciousness?
The answer is no.
Everyone agree?
Yeah.
So that you can access these
states of consciousness.
They are available
to all of us, always.
And that is the absolute
truth of what we've all
discovered together on
this journey of listening
to these incredible stories
and journeys of people
that have been through this.
And so how many
people in the audience
have ever been through
a near-death experience?
OK.
And then how many people
also feel that you, too,
can access different
states of consciousness
or have had that
experience in your life
without going through a trauma?
Great, great.
So this is a wonderful group--
>> And it serves you right.
>> Yes.
>> You all had it coming.
[LAUGHTER]
>> This is a--
and you know, this is a group
agreement, essentially you're.
In this room on purpose.
You've gathered
together as souls
to create one collective
group of consciousness.
Wherever you came
from or however you
decided to get into this
room today or listen
on the livestream,
you're here for a reason.
Because you've found like-minded
souls to connect with
and to learn from, which really
creates an incredible field,
yes?
And it lasts beyond this day,
it lasts through the replays,
it lasts throughout your life.
Because you've all chosen
to be here for a reason.
Not only just in
this room, but back
here on this planet for a
reason, which is absolutely
a choice.
It is a choice.
So whatever complaints we
have in life or challenges
or difficulties or
death or whatever it is,
we made a choice to be here.
And that choice gets to be
lived and played full out.
No complaining anymore, because
we all chose to be here.
>> Absolutely.
>> So questions
from our audience.
Do you have questions?
And I think there's
a microphone.
Yes, this gentleman there
in the orange shirt.
Do you have a question for
any one of our panelists here?
>> Just over a question was
I actually died when I was 15
for about 30 seconds.
>> Tell them how you died.
>> Had anaphylactic shock
from medication they gave me,
cardiac arrest.
And I don't remember any of it.
I just had a
question, any of you
guys want to comment on
having a near-death experience
but not remembering
anything at all?
>> Oh, yeah, very common.
Would anyone like
to specifically--
Kasey?
>> So master, out of body
experiences are extremely
emotional for most,
extremely emotional.
For some, in their
physical experience,
it is the most emotional
connective experience
thus far in their
physical lives.
For some, that emotion
is overwhelming.
Overwhelming.
And so some will
choose to not remember
or not to engage once again.
We assure you that
your experience
is one of expandability.
Expandability.
You do not have to decipher
your experience in order
to choose to expand
from an experience.
That is a truth.
Just choose expansion,
master, expansion.
And then your experience
is living out its truth
of its demonstration for you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> And I would recommend that
you follow up with Linda.
If you're truly trying--
and I'm agreeing with what
she just said.
If it's not necessary
for you to remember
that conscious movement
in your plan of action,
and that it does,
like a lot of us,
take us off on complete
different patterns.
I would say that you are
on your pattern of where
you are going to go.
But I would encounter someone
like Linda, who's conscious--
not just any
regression therapist,
but somebody as cool as she is--
I would make contact and
go through a process that
would help you remember
that to see if it had value,
if it's so meaningful for
you to have that experience.
But a lot of times, like
Kasey said, what happens
is it's not necessary for you
to recall that information.
Mine is, I'm just hard at it.
And if you kill me once, OK.
But after you kill me
two or three times,
I get really smart.
And maybe you just smart
enough that you didn't really
need to access that knowledge.
>> There's also Raymond
Moody's wonderful website,
Life After Life, and it
lists the characteristics
of a near-death experience.
And that was actually
how I realized I had one,
is when I was interviewing him.
And I looked at these
characteristics.
And I had this incredible crack
open of consciousness, saying,
my god, I experienced that.
And I actually got to sit
with him around that, which
was an incredible experience.
But he's got it all listed
on lifeafterlife.com.
It's a beautiful service.
All right, questions?
Questions?
I can't see because there's
this this blinding light.
Yes, right here in
the front of the room.
Gina?
>> So I don't know if
someone can answer this.
I have out of body
experiences but I
don't encounter the divine.
I feel like I just get out
of my body and I explore.
So how is that different,
if it is different at all?
>> I mean, I'll dive into that.
My sense is you're
experiencing what
you need to be experiencing.
And we're all divine.
So when you're out
of your body, you're
tapping into your divine nature.
And so I think what
happens as humans is we
start putting things in boxes.
Like why isn't it this way?
It should be-- I should
be tapping into God.
My sense is you're
experiencing exactly what you
need to be experiencing.
You can ask to experience more.
When you get in bed
or when you meditate
or whatever you do to
step out of your body,
ask to experience more.
Those decisions are
made at the soul level,
at the higher
self, divine level.
>> I have something funny to
say about that, if that's OK.
So I spent most of my
life out of my body.
[LAUGHTER]
And it's interesting that
I would pray and feel very
interesting, a lot of anxiety.
Is that what you mean, too,
like out of the body feeling?
Yeah and I wasn't big on
meditating or all that,
but just throughout
my life, regular girl,
feeling kind of out
of body anxiety.
I'd be hiking and just kind
of felt interesting sometimes,
like tingly.
Does anyone here feel that
sometimes, anxiety, stuff
like that?
And the most interesting
thing, after I had the NDE I
feel so in my body now.
It's like who I really am now.
I don't have any anxiety at all.
I'm home.
And let me finish about that.
Because now that
I'm truly who I am,
why would you think
I have no anxiety?
Because I'm connected
100% to the divine god.
Now I am me.
I'm really me.
But who is me?
When I say my name Kimberly,
they give me a negative blink.
Am I Kimberly?
Who are we, really?
So our name is our name.
But so what I'm trying to get--
maybe I'm getting a
little deep here--
but she's right.
So finding this energy,
your connection,
your deep connection
to the holy one, God--
and I know I keep
talking about God a lot.
But it's very interesting when
you really think about it,
right?
The dimensions, the
consciousness, and like Anita
said, consciousness dimensions.
It's all related and knowing how
strong our faith is with God,
and I'll leave it at that.
And where we're all going with
that, and our love for that,
and God is love.
>> And love is all there is.
>> Thank you.
>> Yes.
Yes.
>> Love is all there is.
>> And we'll start
singing the Beatles now.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Any other questions about--
right next to you, Gina.
Gina Salvati, ladies
and gentlemen,
the amazing executive
producer of The Aware Show.
She's right there.
[APPLAUSE]
>> On that note, someone told
me today and I'm wondering now.
Can dark energies
attached to people, then,
or can you overcome that by
just believing in who you are?
Or do you need
assistance to overcome
that with somebody else?
>> Dannion can
answer that question.
>> Depends on the
definition of a dark energy.
I never believed in
ghosts or anything
like that after being
dead a couple of times.
And then in the third
near-death experience
the structure changed.
And this place I thought
was the transitional place,
you lift out of your body, you
acclimate to what's around you,
you see the world
that you just left,
and you're in a level
of consciousness
where you're acclimating
to who you are.
I saw a place that I
call the blue gray place
because I got captivated
by discarded spirits.
Once you're chosen,
once you are chosen
and you choose to
come here, nobody
is going to tell you
when you have to leave.
The fact that somebody
"dies", quote, unquote,
doesn't mean they have
to leave this dimension
or this level of consciousness
I call the blue gray place.
So alcoholic spirits-- you
know, that's why they call it
spirits--
drug addicts, they can stay.
They can't stay long,
but they can stay.
As thin as the veil is-- because
we have entered the new age,
the Aquarian age, or this
next cycle, we've entered it--
the veil is so thin it's easy,
based on perpetual concepts
and thought patterns to
allow not a possession,
but an attachment.
To give a dimensional level
trapped in-- a not trapped,
but holding themselves--
in that place to attach.
If you feel that
you are attached,
or you feel you
know someone who is,
I think another regression
is necessary for that person
so they get past it.
Or you get them to see
what they're pondering.
What you're continuously
obsessing over in your thought
patterns allows that
energetic pattern
in that place to reconnect.
So many of those people in
that dimension feel betrayed,
dishonored, disrespected.
They're addicted to drugs,
alcohol, narcissism.
All the I, I, I, me, me, me
things we used to rationalize.
So if you sense that that
place is there or with somebody
you love, get them to talk about
what they're worrying about
and see what is repetitious.
Because in that repetition
there comes that place.
And every night when I
stop and do my life review,
for all those beings that I
saw trapped in that world,
I give that moment.
And I created the Twilight
Brigade for dying veterans
because when I was
on the other side,
so many veterans are betrayed.
They're in prisons,
and now that we--
I'm a Vietnam guy.
And now that we've seen
Kissinger's papers,
after we know that they left
928 Americans in captivity.
And it's in the Kissinger papers
that released three years ago.
And we know we left those
guys and they feel betrayed.
If you go in a VA hospital,
you can see that kind of place.
And they stay trapped
because if you
were a child abused by
a priest, why would you
want to go down that tunnel?
Because that's what
you're thinking.
Or alcohol.
So we hunt what's repetitious.
I came out from that
third experience
and I created the
Twilight Brigade.
And I needed veterans to be able
to go, to did not get trapped.
So I have more quote,
unquote, "dead" friends
than I have living friends.
And most of the dead
friends like me.
[LAUGHTER]
Yeah, which is a stretch.
So I have guys on both
sides of the veil.
But if it's a veteran, I can
send somebody back across.
And someone who is in that same
pattern of feeling betrayed,
that light lights up
and then that person
takes them on across.
So there is a level
of consciousness
where a lot of people who
have frightening near-death
experiences or they all went
to "hell", quote, unquote,
those kinds of things.
There is a level
of consciousness
that we can trap ourselves
by holding on the I,
I, I, me, me, me.
And that allows
that level of energy
to find a harmonic vibratory
frequency equal to what you are
repetitively working through
to be able to harmonize
in that frequency, and it's not
about you they're attaching to.
It's about getting
back over here
to keep going back through
that same endless cycle
of whatever it was
they felt or repressed
or didn't get through.
And what you're doing is,
you have two friends that's
personalities are changing.
They're like these
two people that you
believe to be not
possessed, but there's
something changing in them.
And you're watching the two
different personalities-- am I
right?
Yeah.
You're watching the two
different personalities
involved.
One is an attachment and the
other is an attention-getter.
Remembered, one of
them has an attachment.
There's an obsession compulsive
nature that's reacting there.
The other is using those
patterns to get attention.
I'm not going to betray anybody,
but just keep that in mind.
>> Fascinating, fascinating.
Thank you.
And Anita, if you have something
to say around self-love that
really helps with those
types of darker energies
and how really, truly
blinding self-love is?
>> Yeah, sure, I'd love to.
And I loved Dannion's
explanation just now as well.
So my perception of dark
energies is actually very--
I completely agree
with what he said.
And what I tend
to tell people, I
started out by telling
people that I don't believe
in dark energies because
when I crossed over
there was no darkness.
There were no dark energies.
There's nobody who's
negative or evil
trying to get us over here.
However, because of the number
of people that have told me,
no, but I have felt it,
I have felt dark energies
or scary energies, what
I have come to realize
is that, yes, when there are
people who first cross over,
they're are still attached to
the emotions from this side.
And if they have had or
experienced a lot of darkness
on this side, then
that is what we're
picking up on when we
are near those spirits.
However-- and this is the part--
what we pick up on is only
a mirror or a reflection
of where we are.
And so this is why it's
so important for you
to feel that--
for you to love yourself.
For you to always shine
the light on yourself.
For you to always
uplift yourself.
You don't have to worry
about the dark energies.
I tend to tell people you
don't have to go for exorcism.
All you have to do is uplift
yourself, love yourself more,
find your own joy, your own
happiness, your own purpose.
When you are on a
higher frequency,
you're not even going to be
touched or affected by them.
So we don't even need
to think about them.
That's why I don't like
to put the focus on them,
and I don't like
people to think they
need to fear dark energies.
Because that fear
itself puts you
on the frequency where
you start to sense them.
>> That's why the divine kept
sending us back now, Anita.
That God was looking around and
she says, hey, wait a minute.
The only difference
between me and a doctor
is God never thinks
she's a doctor.
And she was looking at
the fact that death--
we live in a chemical universe.
That means it's a dead universe.
If you take a medicine
or you getting
healed through
allopathic medicine,
that's a dead universe.
All you are is chemistry
and brain reactions.
You really don't love anything.
It's just chemical reactions.
It's like Anita said,
where you are is
you're in the living universe.
So she was looking down
and she said, you know?
I'm going to send some
of them SOBs back,
and who are they
going to blame ?
The doctors are to blame for
cardiopulmonary resuscitation
for us coming back.
So all of us who
come back and express
that we're in a living
universe gives the doctors
something they have to disavow.
I was in the hospital--
the hospital they
brought me in when
I was struck by
lightning in 1975,
Dr. Raymond Moody was
a medical student.
>> Wow.
>> I met Raymond.
He lived about four
miles from-- well,
eight miles from where I lived,
and we became fast friends
in the '70s as I watched
him get destroyed
by the medical community.
Get destroyed for bringing
this incident out.
So remember, the divine--
and the most important
thing about everything
we're listening to is
your sense of humor.
The moment that you
lose your sense of humor
about whatever's
happening, you've
lost control of your identity
of this dimensional reality.
We are loving, kind,
playful beings.
That's who we are
and what we are.
And we are eternal and forever.
Why do you think we get
these little short time jobs?
We won't take a long job.
What's 80 years?
Well, it's 78.4 years is the
average life expectancy here.
What's that to eternity?
Nothing.
Get your job done, everybody.
>> Yes, yes.
Is definitely a different time,
I'll share just a quick story,
but I recently interviewed
Raymond Moody on the Gaia show,
on Inspirations.
And it shocked me.
My interview with him
completely shocked me,
because I asked him about
his work and research
with the near-death
experience, and I honored him
for really bringing that term
to our world and our community.
And he said to me he
wish he'd never done it.
He said he didn't
believe a thing he said.
And it was so
beautifully honest when
he said that to me, because
it was a burden for him.
He lost all his money.
He went--
>> His wife, his family.
>> Yes.
It was a huge cross
to bear for Raymond.
And the reason I share that is
because it is a different time
now, where those pioneers paved
the way for this conversation
to even happen today.
And to be here today.
>> And I watched Raymond from
a very personal point of view.
I mean, I have known
Raymond 40 years.
I've known Raymond 43 years.
I spent 20 years with Raymond.
Because he didn't have
a near-death experience.
He didn't have it.
And he was watching
and listening to people
describe these experiences.
And when I met Raymond, he
asked the right questions.
This is 1976, everybody.
>> As if he had had one himself.
>> Yeah.
He knew the right
questions to ask.
And I wrote-- and
I'll be honest,
I wrote "Saved By The Light"
because I had open heart
surgery, and Raymond--
I was not going to
have the surgery.
Number one I wasn't
going to have
the surgery because the
surgeons came in and the bastard
had the biggest hands
I've ever seen in my life.
[LAUGHTER]
And I was thinking
about them opening
my chest and that
big-handed bastard digging
around inside me, so I
wasn't going to have it.
So my dad called Raymond
and Raymond came and Raymond
said, please stay and help me.
So I took about a
year and I got over it
and I went to see Raymond.
Raymond was in the house.
He had no electricity,
no running water,
and he was beaten.
He had now lost everything.
He'd lost his wife, his
family, his medical license
was in jeopardy.
Everybody was attacking him.
I wrote "Saved By The Light"
because I needed people
to pick on somebody
their own size.
I'd had enough of it.
And I realized how many
people had no voice.
And either you told
somebody that you'd
had this experience in
1975 and '76 and '77,
they told you that
was something you need
to talk to your minister about.
If you tell your
minister, they said
that was somebody you needed
to talk to your doctor about.
And nobody had any place to go.
So I decided, OK, well,
let them come jump on me.
>> And if you
Google the term now,
there's literally millions
and millions of pages
on the near-death experience,
which people like Raymond Moody
paved the way for.
>> Coined the phrase.
>> Yes, for all of us.
>> I remember the first--
>> That's OK.
We get to have this
conversation now because
of people like that, and we
get to share these experiences.
How lucky are we, that we get
to even have this conversation?
I want to have you
give a big, huge hand
and welcome and great gratitude
for our wonderful panel here.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you so much
for being here.
Lots and lots of
love to our panel,
and thank you all so
much for joining here.
And if you'd like
to ask any questions
we'll be around
for a little while.
If anything, you're
energized and you're freed up
for the rest of this day.
Have a great day.
>> Thank you, Lisa Garr.
[MUSIC PLAYING]